“Let’s go to the beach.” May was sitting upside down on the couch. Erik used to enjoy sitting like that, but since May started copying him he’s felt self conscience about sitting like that. Erik stared her down suspiciously as he sat on the opposite couch with his legs hanging over the arm cushion. 
She seemed confused at his silence, but Erik was more confused at her mood. Even though they shared that emotional night together the day they went out to eat, she hasn’t really been acting any different. Today again she was just suggesting they go out on more random adventures.
“Why the beach?”
“The ocean can be fun.”
“It’s late October though, will the beach be any good?”
“If we go South enough it should be warm.”
“Flying sounds like a hassle though.”
“I was thinking of driving.”
“How long will that take?”
“We have more than enough time.”
That was true. Erik thought the total lack of responsibilities with being a necromancer would be fun, but sometimes it was hard to fill the time. If May wanted to do a car trip to the ocean that was fine too.
“Let’s go then.”

May picked out a convertible of all of her many cars. It was pretty cold outside so he wondered why she thought that was the car to take. May was always the one to drive out of the two of them, and honestly Erik didn’t mind. Neither of his parents ever bothered teaching him to drive and there wasn’t a driver’s ed class in his school so he had never actually driven before. Despite that he didn’t have much interest in trying it out, and especially not in a city as busy and crowded as the one they lived in.
Driving with May became less scary as he got used to it, and it was even less scary once they got out of the city. Riding in a convertible was annoying though as he didn’t particularly like the sound of wind blowing against his ears. Plus it was so loud that they couldn’t really have a conversation. Not that conversations with May ever led anywhere. Erik looked down at his lap.  They probably could have a meaningful conversation, but at the same time May didn’t seem particularly interested in talking about her past. He understood, as he was never in a mood to talk about what his life was either. However, there was a part of him that wanted someone to understand what he went through. He didn’t like acknowledging that part of him, but ever since that night he felt like maybe May could understand him. 
“Why do you want to go to the beach?” Erik shouted as he decided he did enough self reflecting for one day.
“I’ve always had an affinity with water.” Suddenly the wind blowing past his ears became quiet. Was this an ability of May’s? 
“An affinity?”
“You don’t know this since you can’t use magic very well, but certain magic comes a little easier for different people. For me, controlling and creating water has always been easy for me. Something about water feels comfortable to me. Maybe it’s because our bodies are like made out of water or something like that.” Erik was honestly surprised she knew some basic biology tibet.
“What kind of magic would come easy for me?”
“I don’t know. Everybody is different. Darla and Seth both connected more with objects. Darla was able to use magic well with guns, while Seth did well with pointy things.”
“Pointy things?”
“Swords, knives, daggers, those sorts of things.”
Why did they connect to such violent things?
“Isaac did well with creating potions specifically, while Emily always had a talent for manipulating the body. Well maybe Emily didn’t have a talent for it, but rather she was just a quick learner thanks to the circumstances.”
“You’re right, each of their affinities were quite different.”
“Yeah, but no matter your affinity, with enough practice you can come to do about anything you wish. You might think you have an affinity with healing since that’s the only thing you can do, but rather you aren’t controlling the healing. Being a necromancer means healing automatically when you’re injured. That’s the same reason we don’t need to eat or have any drink. However Erik, you seem to have an affinity with magic control.”
“Huh? What does that mean?”
“You haven’t really used much magic since you’ve been living with me, but nothing has happened to you.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I expected a total new necromancer like you would have a reaction of some kind by now. Like your stomach randomly splitting open or developing some kind of plague.” She said all of that so nonchalantly.
“Why would that happen?”
“Well…” May glanced over nervously at him before focusing back on the road. “Those things your mom did to you… well it gave your body an excuse to use magic. Unless you properly control magic, not using much magic for extended periods of time causes you to overload on magic. When you overload on magic, you get punished. You haven’t been punished once, so either you’re pretty weak for a necromancer so you don’t get overloaded or you have great control over your magic.” 
This was the first time Erik had heard anything like this. Nothing like this was ever taught in his magic studies classes in school. It was weird to hear May sound smart, but he was concerned. What did she mean by punishment?
“What does this punishment look like?”
“It looks different for different people. Like I said your stomach could split open or you could develop a plague of some kind. However those are weaker reactions, all things considered.”
“What does a strong punishment look like?”
“Well you probably won’t get those.” May pouted a bit, but still didn’t look at him. “I’m the strongest so I have the hardest magic to control. So I’ve had some very strong punishments. Isaac said my punishments were similar to… hmm, I can’t quite remember what he said, but I think it was like a very big bomb.”
“Like you explode?”
“Erik, have some decency.” May looked at him with a rather blank look. “I control my magic just fine now so I don’t have to worry about punishments anymore. If I didn’t there is no way Mas would let me live in the city.”
Erik decided that she was telling him to drop it. “You seem to be pretty knowledgeable on the topic. Yet you’ve never bothered teaching me anything about controlling magic or even bothered to teach me how to use my magic in the first place.”
“Sorry, I guess.” May said in the most unapologetic voice ever. “Me learning to control my magic was a bit of a unique process. Plus I told you I wouldn’t hurt you so I can’t show you the way I figured out how to control my magic.” Now what did that mean? He honestly was a little too scared to ask.
“When it comes to actually using magic, you would be better to learn from a different necromancer, probably Isaac. I’ve told you already I have a terrible memory right? I remember being taught how to use my magic, but I can’t remember what we actually did.”
“You were taught to use magic?” There were a lot of things he wanted to ask about, but that question stuck out the most. She, the supposedly, strongest necromancer still had a teacher? Did that mean it was normal for Erik to not be able to use his magic on his own?
“Well some of it came on its own, but back when Isaac, Seth, and I lived in the lab we had to do these tests all the time that helped improve our ability to use magic and stuff. Seth and Isaac’s mom was behind the whole thing, and she is still around, but she’s not really our friend anymore. So she can’t teach you.”
This was the first time Erik remembered May talking about living in a lab. She really was a mystery. “You lived in a lab? Were you like experimented on or something?” Perhaps Erik felt a little bitter that he just now found this out, but he said that in an extremely sarcastic way.
“We took part in experiments if that’s what you are asking.” May answered his sarcasm in earnest with a hint of confusion.
“Then why did you stop? Even if you aren’t on good terms with Isaac and Seth’s mom that doesn’t mean you can’t do experiments with someone else.”
May was quiet for a bit. “Because I was a bad girl.” She muttered quietly. She sounded so childish and innocent when she said that. “Well, I don’t think we’re suited for a laboratory anyways.” She returned to her regular confident voice. “That only reason they were able to get us to participate in such boring tests and stuff was because we were children who didn’t know we didn’t have to listen to adults yet.”
Erik wanted to criticize May for that comment, but a pit formed in his stomach. “I wished I learned that lesson as a child.” May didn’t respond, probably out of consideration for him. Even though he said it out loud, he didn’t exactly want to hear a response to his statement. May understood his feelings, and that was enough.

Option 1 S (+1)
Option 2 M (-1)
Option 3 N (0)
