Scene 1.B

“May, how do you know my mother?” Erik asked once they got to the old playground they met at before.
“I don’t.” She shrugged as she stood on a swing, gently swinging back and forth. “She knew me which was surprising, so I wouldn’t be surprised if she was connected to that one guy.”
“Who’s that?”
“I don’t know his name. He’s just an annoyance that comes and bothers us sometimes. You should ask Isaac about him. He’s interacted with him more than me.”
“Who’s Isaac?”
“Oh yeah, you don’t know him. Maybe I’ll introduce you two later. Anyways Mas will be here in a moment.” 
“But what about when she said you-“
“She was being dramatic.” She hopped off the swing and headed towards the road. “It wasn’t on purpose after all.” Just then an extremely nice car pulled up. May opened the back door where a stern looking older man was sitting.
“Get in.” He gruffly ordered.
Erik didn’t know exactly what he was expecting, but it wasn’t this. They were sitting in a very expensive looking car. The interior looked something like how he imagined a limo would. There were two rows of seats that faced each other, and there was a cooler on the side. He sat on the rear row while May and the man sat facing him. May already tended to make Erik nervous, but at this moment in time May hardly intimated him at all compared to this man. He was old, probably late fifties or early sixties. He had salt and pepper hair (but it was more salt), a large scar on the right side of his face, and a scowl that looked like it was permanently stuck to his face. He wore a suit that Erik thought must be expensive. He didn’t really know how to tell if a suit was expensive or not, but he felt that it must be. They had been sitting in this car for a while now, but besides a brief introduction, they hadn’t said a word. May had been contently sitting there looking out the window, while the man (who Erik forgot the name of) had been just sitting there looking at him.
The silence was suffocating. Erik had no desire to say anything, but he did wish for a distraction of sorts. He squirmed a bit and looked over at May hopefully. She was still looking out the window, but then her eyes quickly shifted to being on him. It almost startled him, well actually it did a little bit. She smiled pleasantly at him, and turned away from the window.
“So Mas,” The man turned and looked at her, but his expression did not change. “Why don’t you tell Erik about where we’re going and what’s going to happen to him?”
He raised an eyebrow and slowly replied. “You didn’t tell him already?” She let out a snort and smiled comically. He sighed and turned to Erik. “As you should know, you’re a necromancer just like May here.” He motioned to her. “We have supported you necromancers for many years now. We pay for all your expenses and anything else you could so desire.”
Erik turned to May a little confused. Who was the “we”, why did they support them, and how many other necromancers were there? She seemed to understand him last time, so he hoped she would this time as well. She smiled as nodded as if she was reading his thoughts.
“Mas here is part of a very large underground organization. He has been charged with providing for us. Any interactions the organization wants with us have to go through him.” Her smile became a bit more devious before she continued. “We aren’t a part of the organization, but sometimes if I feel like it I help them out on the occasion.” Erik swallowed a bit, and his hands got clammy. He should have known anything having to do with necromancers would be involved with that part of society.
“However Erik, if you don’t want to do anything then you don’t have to. You will be supported all the same.” May’s expression dissolved back into her cheerful countenance. 
“What about the other necromancers?”
“Ah yes, the others.” She leaned back, and lazily stared at the ceiling. “There are four and one more other necromancers besides us. They are also supported by Mas, except for the one more, but they have their own lives.” She stopped to think about it for a second, before making eye contact with him again. “We used to live all together, but we haven’t for a long time. I think it’s been four years since I’ve seen any of them.” Erik looked at her curiously. She didn’t seem sad, but she looked a little unhappy about the fact. She seemed to catch on to his thoughts, because she started talking again. “We’re still friends though.”
Mas looked at her doubtfully. When she felt his gaze, her expression changed to one that was openly annoyed. She propped her arm against the side of the car and crossed her legs.
“Well it’s true that we all aren’t on good terms. It hardly matters though, we don’t fight or anything anymore.”

1. Why are you on bad terms with the others?
2. How long have you known the others? (Affection Rises)

