“Anyways, Erik!” May had her hands on her hips and she was glaring at him. “You need better clothes. Your clothes look terrible! I hate them!” 
“Uh huh…” Erik looked at her unimpressed.
“So let’s go shopping!”

May lead him to a parking garage that was filled with eccentric cars. Some cars were fancy sports cars that looked brand new, while others were vintage cars kept in ideal shape. There were also plenty of cars with interesting paint jobs. One was octopus themed, he noted. Only one though. He spotted a galaxy themed one, a bright pink one that looked like a barbie car, one decorated with wildflower designs, and plenty of other ones.
“Choose which car you want to drive.” May huffed.
“Don’t tell me these are all yours?”
“Of course they are.”
“What kind of stuff do you do for Mas?”
“Eh? These have nothing to do with the stuff I do. Mas isn’t stupid enough to try to reward me for doing things for him. My contentment is the only thing that matters, and Mas is willing to spend anything to keep my content.” May ran her finger over the hood of one of her cars.
“I suppose when you get everything you want on a daily basis you have no need for rewards.”
“Rewards matter more on who is giving it to you and why you are getting it. I hate Mas and he hates me, so any gift or reward from him is meaningless.”
“That’s pretty blunt. What’d he ever do to you?”
“Nothing, but he hates me so I hate him.”
“What did you do to him?”
“I did paralyze him from the chin down for over a year, but he hated me before that.”
“Can’t you control your violent tendencies?”
“No, but I won’t hurt you. You have my word on that.”
“I wouldn’t have come with you if I thought you were going to hurt me.”
“Now choose a car.”
“Alright that one.” Erik just pointed at a random car.
“Okay! Let’s go!”

May drove. Erik feared.
However true to her word, she managed to get him to their destination unharmed. Her driving wasn’t bad per say, but it was very May. As in there was no concern or desire to follow rules or regulations and her wants and desires came first. It almost seemed like a miracle that they didn’t crash, but she is a necromancer and seems to be able to morph the world to her will so they wouldn’t crash as long as she didn’t want them to.
They entered the large and extravagant shopping mall and May pulled out a shiny credit card. “If you want anything just let me know and I’ll let you borrow this.” She took him by the wrist and pulled him into the mall.
“Is that’s Mas’s…?”
“No, it’s mine.”
“But you don’t pay the bill do you?”
She tilted her head as if she didn’t understand what he meant. Does she not understand the concept of money?
“You do know what money is right and why people need it right?”
“I know that much, but we’re necromancers. Only humans worry about money, not necromancers.”
He was going to point out that she was technically still a human, but he stopped himself. Were they really even human to begin with? Humans died after all, and Erik… well he never could die… May took his silence as acceptance and pulled him into the nearest clothing shop.
“This is…” She picked out a shirt and held it in front of him. She never finished her thought and then started grabbing more shirts. Either she was thinking really fast (which he doubted) or she was putting less than no thought into the clothing she was choosing.
“This is enough for here.” She finally said once she had a big armful of clothes.
“Are you planning on carrying that around the rest of the shopping trip?”
“No, there are people who take everything we buy back to the apartment. Mas always has people tail us whenever we go out. At least he has with me ever since I moved to the city. I don’t know about the others, but I don’t think they go out much. Anyways, they can take care of our stuff.” May plopped the clothes down at the register and paid with the shiny credit card. Once everything was bagged, May walked over to a random stranger and handed them the bags. They nodded and left with them as if it was nothing.
“Mas’s plants are always easy to spot, but actually any plant is pretty easy to spot if you know what you’re looking for.” May tapped her chin. “Anyways let’s buy up about everything here okay?”
Erik didn’t know how he felt about buying up everything with someone else’s money. It seemed like that was going to come back around to bite them some way or another. However May lived her life so confidently and so stupidly as if no one could ever do anything to her.

1. Might as well spend the money while we can (N)
2. We shouldn’t spend too much (M)
3. Let’s make him broke (S)
