May jumped.
Straight off of the balcony.
Erik rushed to see what happened to her, but one of the guards grabbed him and pulled him back. The other one looked over the balcony and let out a loud sigh.
“This is going to be a mess to clean up.”
Erik didn’t know if that referred to whatever became of May, or the fact that probably a lot of people saw what happened.
“Listen, you will take the elevator down.” The bodyguard holding him said. Erik nodded quickly. He wanted to ask what happened to her, but he was too scared to do so.
“This ain’t the first time she’s pulled this stunt.” The bodyguard sighed as he escorted Erik out of the restaurant to the elevators. “Everytime it’s a huge hassle to take care of. So you better not get any ideas in your head. She’s allowed to do stuff like this because she's worth all the trouble she puts us through, but I heard you don’t even know how to use your powers. So unless you can pull your weight, then keep your head down.”

The bodyguard took Erik home. After returning to the suite he decided to go to bed. It’s not like he had anything else to do. He had a dream. Not a good one. His body was sweaty and his breathing was heavy. That woman was gone. Erik sobbed to himself. Yet, she still tormented him.
As was tradition back when he lived in that crummy one-story house, he played video games. Games that required skill and concentration were the best ones. The faster pace, the more intense the gameplay, the better. The lights were all off in the apartment, and only the screen of the game illuminated his surroundings.
The door opened revealing a disheveled May, one that now had a bloody hole in her dress around the stomach area. She looked at Erik, but didn’t say anything. Rather than that she just closed the door and walked in and sat on the couch behind him. Not a word left her mouth.
“Why did you jump off of the building?”
“Felt like it.”
Rather than her normal cheerful annoying chipper voice she was grumbling like a pouty teenager.
“Mas told you not to.”
“And?”
That was a fair point.
“Didn’t it hurt?”
“Yeah, I got impaled.”
On what would remain a mystery.
“So why did you do it?”
A silence lingered in the air.
“It’s not like it’s nothing new.” She sighed and laid back on the couch. “It hurts all the time. Physical pain is just a jolt that can distract you sometimes.” He could feel her eyes staring at him. “You know what I mean. That woman is gone, but it still hurts. That’s why you’re here and not sleeping right?”
Erik didn’t even bother to pause his game. He put the controller down and turned to glare at her. It was a little hard to see through the tears welling up in his eyes.
“It hurts and it hurts, and then you wake up and it hurts some more.” She started scratching at her neck, ripping the skin off with each scratch. “Drugs, sex, mayhem, none of it stops it. The pain will still be there. It still hurts.” May was crying. Her fingernails were bright red. “And we can’t even die. So where does it end?”
Erik didn’t know what to do. He felt an urge to hug her, but with the way those claws were scratching at her neck, what could they do to him?
“Erik, kiss me.”

1. Refuse (S)
2. Hesitate (N)
3. Kiss her (M)
