Scene 1.A

May came back on the third morning like she promised. Erik was preparing for school when he found her sitting at his wobbly kitchen table. It looked like she was drinking coffee, and wasn’t pleased by it. “Why is coffee so popular? It’s disgusting and boring. I’d rather drink pig blood than this.”
Erik raised a doubtful eyebrow. Nobody was forcing her to drink it. She turned to him with raised eyebrows like she heard his thoughts. “So have you decided what you want to do?”
He had. It took him a while to decide what to do, but he came to his own conclusion like she asked. “I-I want to… go with you…”
She blinked, and then smiled widely at him.
May was a scary individual, but she wanted him. Mom never cared about him. Father only used him as an excuse to visit the other woman. Nobody at school cared about him, and granted he didn’t care about any of them. May however, out of some sense of loneliness or boredom, wanted to be with him. She didn’t look like mom, and she was pretty enough.
“Alright Erik, I’ll let Mas know and he can come pick us up.” She pulled out the flip phone again.
“Should I, uh, pack my stuff or something like that?”
“All your stuff sucks. Don’t bother. We’ll get you some new nice things later.”
“That’s a little… okay then…”
“Erik, why are you causing such a ruckus this early in the morning?”
His blood turned to ice. Mom wasn’t at work?
“I-uh… huh?” He turned around to see mom looking rather sickly. Did she call off work? She glanced at the coffee mug, but not at May. Could she not see her?
“Who gave you permission to drink my coffee? You’re even using my mug too. Is this what you’ve been doing while I’ve been at work every morning?” She walked over and picked up the coffee mug from the table. May silently stared at mom with a sharp look. “Is this your way of rebelling against me? You’re completely pathetic.” She took the mug to the sink and dumped out its contents. “Are you getting ready for school?” She moved from the sink to the knife block.
“Y-Yes!”
“Why bother? You’re not going to graduate anyways. So why don’t you stay home to take care of your sick mother?” She took the cleaver from the knife block. “We haven’t spent time together recently, so why don’t we see if anything has changed for you.”
Erik’s knees trembled and he loss feeling. His whole body felt like it was on pins and needles. He glanced at May who had her eyes on his mom.
“I… don’t… I should go to s-school…”
“If you cared about school, you would be passing your classes. Now let’s go to the bathroom.” She reached out to grab him, when May stood up and grabbed his mother’s arm. Mom jolted and her eyes widened as she finally saw May. Her whole body shook and she dropped the knife.
“Y-You…” He had never seen mom scared before. She sweated all over. “Y-You're the one that lost her arm!”
May’s eyes widened for a second, before returning back to her state of boredom. “Oh, so you know me.”
“Are you here to take Erik? Go ahead. I have no use for him. He’s pathetic, but he is one of you wretched children after all.”
“M-Mom?” Why did she know what was going on? She knew he was a necromancer? She knew who May was? “M-Mom, how do you… why do you…”
“Shut up Erik! Just go with the lady!” Mom tried to break free from May’s grasp, but she wasn’t able to. “Please, I don’t want anything to do with you people, so just take him and go!”
“Say Erik,” May turned to him, ignoring his mom. “What do you want to do with her?”

1. Let her go (M)
2. Tell me the truth (N)
3. Kill her (S)
