“Whatever then!” May puffed out her cheeks and pouted. “Teach me about your adult games or let’s play or whatever.”
“You make it sound so lewd.” Erik cringed a bit as he put a racing game in the disk tray. May liked cars so maybe she would like this one.
“Lewd? Lewd…” She seemed to be trying to remember what that word even meant. “Oh! Lewd!” She was excited for a second before turning to Erik with judgemental eyes. “Erik something like that isn’t lewd, but I can show you something lewd if you want.” She whispered in a sultry voice in his ear.
“No you scare me too much for me to want to do anything like that with you.”
“Ahhh what a coward.”
“Anyways…” Erik handed May a controller with a serious face. She looked at him curiously and took it from him.
May was frankly terrible at the racing game. Not much of a surprise, but still.
“That’s it!” May threw the controller on the ground and stood up and pointed at Erik. “Let’s go race real cars! I’ll definitely beat you if it’s real cars!”
“No thank you.” Erik brushed off her challenge and decided to try a fighting game next.
May was still terrible at it despite how easy it was to button mash the game.
“That’s it!” May threw the controller on the ground again and stood up and pointed at Erik again. “Let’s fight for real! I’ll definitely beat you if we are really punching each other!”
“No thank you.” Erik decided maybe a shooter game could work. Actually he just wanted to see how bad at fps she was.
Terrible, in fact she was probably the worst at this one.
“That’s it!” She gently set the controller on the ground before standing up and looking for her phone. “I’m calling Mas and he’ll bring us real guns and then I’ll really shoot you!”
“Your phone battery’s dead.” Erik had noticed it died a week or two back and not once had he seen her put it on a charger.
“It died!?!?!” She cried out extremely shocked as if her phone was a living thing.
Erik decided that maybe they should play a cooperative game instead. He shouldn’t tease May too much.
“That’s it!” Erik shouted as he threw his controller on the ground. “I’m not playing with you anymore!”
“But Erik I’m actually having fun now.”
“That’s because you keep killing me when we’re supposed to be working together!”
“Hehe yeah,”
“I’m going to play with Poseidon instead!” He couldn’t think of anyone else to play with instead, so he chose the octopus.
It took a moment to get Poseidon set up with a controller and teach him the rules of the game, but once that happened Erik was amazed. He was actually so good at video games.
“Poseidon, I love you.” Erik was close to tears as he reached out to hug him. May put her hand up and stopped him from embracing the octopus.
“Don’t pick him up! He can only be out of water when he’s touching me!” She roused at him. “Maybe in the future if you actually learn magic you can hold him, but not now!”
“That’s fine.” Erik regained his composure. “I didn’t want to get all slimy anyways.”
May paused and glared at him for a moment. “That’s it! You’re giving him a hug.” She shoved the octopus on top of him.

