Erik had an idea that the treatment Mas and his organization provided for the necromancers would be very fancy, but facing the luxury was much different than simply imagining it. May lived in a penthouse suite that took the entire top floor in the middle of a bustling city. Mas also informed Erik that they had a private elevator, and that the floor below them also belonged to them. The suite itself felt too expensive to even breathe in it. Everything looked brand new and custom made. 
Also there was a strange octopus motif throughout the whole suite that made the place even more uncomfortable. An incredibly detailed octopus was painted on the wall, and it seemed to stare at him as if it was real. The chandelier was designed to look like an octopus was holding the glittering shards that illuminated the room. The cushions on the couch all had tentacles or octopuses on them. The lightswitch covers were made to look like an octopus was holding them on the wall. Even the rugs on the floor had the corners shaped to look like tentacles.
“I guess you could say you like octopuses.”
“No.” May replied as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “I only like Posideon.” She walked into another room that revealed a large aquarium that held, as Erik guessed, an octopus. The octopus was of a teal color and wriggled with excitement when May walked into the room. She approached the glass case and pushed her face against it.
“Mommy’s back baby!”
“I thought or well I heard that octopuses don’t make good pets because they can get out-” Before Erik even finished his sentence Poseidon crawled out of the aquarium and started wrapping itself on May’s head.
“It’s good to give him some time out of the tank. He gets restless otherwise.” May explained as she pushed his tentacles off of her face. The octopus started playing with her hair as if it was used to it.
“Are you sure it’s good to take it out of its tank? Doesn’t it need water?”
“Well as long as he’s touching me I can provide for him. Ya know? Magic and all.” She scratched the octopus lovingly. “People here are surprised he’s lived for so long, but as long as mommy keeps giving you her magic you’ll live forever. Isn’t that right Poseidon?”

1. You two are good friends aren’t you? (Raise Affection)
2. It’s weird seeing you so loving
