She grabbed him by his short hair and pushed her lips on him with a hungry force. Her tongue went places he never wanted to imagine it going. She pulled him away, and she was still crying.
“It’s not the same.” She blubbered. “You’re Erik. You’re just Erik. That’s all you are. That’s all I have because you chose me.” She grabbed onto him and rested her head onto his chest as she sobbed. “Why are you the only one? Why was I left behind?”
Erik wondered many times the same types of questions. Why was he hated? Why did that woman do that to him? Why didn’t his dad do anything to stop her? Why was the only person who stood by him here crying on him wishing to be accompanied by anyone else? Why did he stand for this?
“Why are you the only one, May?”
“Why are you the only one by my side?”
“Why do I have to put up with you of all people?”
Why was he saying all this stuff out loud?
She let go of him and glared at him through her tears. He didn’t know if he should have said that or not. He couldn’t stand by and listen to her yell at him without saying anything back, but he felt timid. What if he made her mad? What if she hurt him? 
“You know people say you’re scum right?” She didn’t sound especially accusatory while saying that, but it still hurt to hear. He didn’t need her to say that, he already knew that. “People say I’m a monster. So I guess we’re both pretty hated.”
She sounded so heartbroken. She understood him, at least to a certain extent. She had felt a pain similar to him.
“Maybe we’re just defective.” She pulled up her legs on the couch and hugged them close to herself. “So it’s not like we could have done anything to stop others from hating us, but I still wish…” Her voice cracked and tears started streaming down her face again. “I wish it didn’t hurt so much.”
Erik never cared about other people, because whatever they were going through he thought it couldn’t be worse than what was happening to him. Seeing May cry like this, him crying right beside her as well. They were similar at least. May talked about so many things, but she never actually talked about her past and what happened before she met Erik. He never thought it mattered, but May… Memories of the past, they haunted her just as that woman haunted him to the point of driving her to harm herself just to distract her a little bit. 
“If we’re defective then how can we change?” Erik didn’t actually think that he could change any, but he asked the question just in case.
“The only change we can do is for the worse.”

