“Why would you do that? It’s cold!” Erik shouted at her as he tried to break away from her, but she pulled him close to her. She only laughed at him as a reply, and just like she said she made it so he was no longer cold. She seemed to do everything with such ease when he couldn’t do anything himself. Despite May insisting there would never be any flirtation between them the two of them were completely embraced in one another’s arms. 
“May… what you were saying in the car…” Erik just spoke loud enough to be heard over the crashing waves.
“What about it?”
“You didn’t live a normal life ever did you?”
“I can’t say much about what makes a life normal, but I never went to school and I only lived with my dad for a bit while I was a kid. I never knew my mom, but I had good parents.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Dad was always kind and sweet to me. He never yelled at me, and my mom died right after giving birth to me. I’m lucky my mom knew when she was no longer needed and died. Though maybe it was me who killed my mom? Doesn’t really matter, I’m sure she was a better mom dead than she would have been if she lived.”
“That’s a pretty harsh thing to say about a woman you don’t even know. Did she die giving birth to you?”
“Yeah she did.”
“Where’s your dad now?”
“Dead.”
“Oh…”
“Yeah, it was pretty sad at the time, but if Dad never died I would have never been picked up by the laboratory so I would have never met Seth… and Isaac too I suppose. But even though I met Seth, you're by my side not Seth. I wonder if I’ll do something to make you leave too?”
“Like kill me?”
“I promised I wouldn’t hurt you.”
“May, did everyone leave you?”
“Yeah…”
“Then how come they could leave you, but I couldn’t leave my home until you came around?”
“I dunno. I wonder why I never left either. I mean… maybe it would have been better if I had left early on, but instead I just kept… I was just trying my best to be happy, but then everyone left me.”
“I don’t know about you, but maybe I’m just a coward.”
“Yeah, you are Erik.”
“Then I probably won’t work up the nerve to leave you.”
“Erik…” May was practically sobbing. “You really won’t leave me? You promise?”
“I mean, I’m not going to promise, but I don’t really have any problem with being around you. I mean you promised not to hurt me, and I don’t think I need much other reason to stay.”


