“Look at Erik Poseidon.” May whispered to the octopus she was cuddling. Erik ignored her, and continued on what he was doing. “He’s been messing with that TB and all those wires all morning. What do you think he’s doing?”
He was setting up all the different game consoles he got the other day. He had been wanting to play his games for a while now, but May was always so restless and she rarely liked to spend a day within the apartment. Of course if she didn’t want to spend a day in the apartment that meant he couldn’t either. After all, she said it was boring doing things on her own. However this day he told her he was staying in the apartment because he had things wanted to do. He thought the confrontation was going to be more dramatic, but May just said okay. She spent a good amount of time playing with Posiedon, but he had been busy so he wasn’t keeping a close eye on everything she had been doing.
At the moment she was sitting on the couch by where he decided to set up the TV and all the game consoles. “Is that what you think? Hmm, I’m not so sure. I think he’s doing something a bit more devious than that.”
He knew she just said that to get a reaction out of him, and it wasn’t going to work.
“I’m not doing anything devious!” Erik half-yelled back.
“Wuah! Erik, I wasn't talking to you! Sheesh, this guy always wants attention.” It sounds like he actually caught her off guard. He rewarded himself internally for that. 
He let out a sigh as he finished plugging in the final console to the power outlet. “It should be done now.”
“Wow Erik this is so amazing. It just sits there and doesn’t even look good. I can totally understand why you spent so much time working on this. Honestly Poseidon, men just aren’t made the same way anymore if they spend their time doing stuff like this.”
“Just so you know, these aren’t decorations. This is an expert gaming lounge set up!” He decided this room would now be the gaming lounge right now. He highly doubted May had any purpose for this room so he might as well claim it.
She narrowed her eyes on it. 
“Aren’t you too old to be playing games?”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I stopped playing games even when I was still a little girl. You’re older than that. Also I don’t see how any of those things are going to improve playing games.”

1. By games do you mean… (affection up)
2. (Explain the rating system of games to prove these aren’t games for kids)

