“We haven’t eaten once since we’ve come here.” Erik mused aloud as he sat upside down on the couch.
“Yeah?” May was flipping through a picture book on the other couch. “What about it?”
“Don’t you ever eat?” Erik turned to her.
She looked up from her picture book at him. “On special occasions,”
“What does that even mean?”
“Mostly if there is someone special.”
“Someone special to eat with?”
“Maybe? I think so?”
“Is your head there for decoration?”
“No?”
Erik let out a loud sigh. “Should we go out to eat? Since we spend money like tissues during flu season, we might as well buy some fancy food to eat. Go to a nice restaurant, maybe we could even dress up.”
“You want to do that?”
“It’s something different than what we usually do isn’t it?” Erik moved so he was sitting upright. “Might as well, right? We can pretend we’re fancy movie stars or something.”
“Why play pretend? If you want to be a moonie star just be one, right?”
“Moonie star? No, I don’t want to be a movie star. I haven’t tried it, but I’m sure I’m a terrible actor. Plus working with a group of people and being famous sounds so exhausting and bothersome.”
“Oh yeah!” May clearly wasn’t listening to him.
“Anyways, May contact Mas and get us a reservation at the fanciest restaurant in the city.” Erik raised his voice so he would actually listen to him.
“Uh, sure.” She didn’t move for a second and stared blankly. “Where’s my phone?”
“Ugh, I’ll just call him.” Erik pulled out his smartphone. He was given Mas’s phone number, but he hadn’t called him yet, because frankly he scared him a little bit. The only phone numbers he had on his phone were Mas’s number and May’s. He paused for a moment before turning to May. “Do the other necromancers have phones too?”
“Probably, Isaac and Emily have something called a home phone. I can call them with my phone. If Seth and Darla have phones I can’t call them.”
“Should we invite the others to eat with us?”
“No, Isaac gets mad when I invite him and Emily to do things like that. He says stuff like ‘Stop wasting my time May! Emily and I actually spend our time doing important things unlike you.’ and all sorts of the lame things like that. Plus I don’t like Darla, and I’m not allowed to see Seth.” May explained, while doing what Erik assumed was a poor intimation of whoever Isaac was.
“Could it be that you are the most useless and lazy of all the necromancers?” Erik felt some kind of relief to know they weren’t all like May.
“No, Erik, you don’t know this since you are kind of stupid and you’re new, but I’m the strongest.” May” smiled proudly as she pointed to herself.
“Is there really any way to measure the strength of a necromancer?”
“Yeah, and I’m the strongest.”
“Okay whatever, I’m calling Mas” Erik picked his phone and dialed Mas.
“Mas will tell you, I’m the strongest.” She pouted as she went over to his couch and leaned on him.
“Yeah sure okay,” Erik tried to push her off of him, but she continued to push towards him, which eventually led to him giving up.
“Yes Erik?” Erik jumped a little when he heard Mas’s voice. May snickered at him, but he did his best to ignore her.
“Uh I j-just wanted to see if I could ask you for something?”
“You haven’t stuttered in so long, but here you are talking to some old man and your tongue is tied?” Erik grabbed May’s face and tried again to shove her away.
“Don’t beat around the bush, just tell me what you and May want to do.”
“Oh okay, I was hoping you would be able to reserve a spot for me and May at a nice restaurant.”
“How nice of a restaurant?”
“Uh, maybe like one of the best in town?”
There was silence on the other side of the phone.
“Do you care about the type of cuisine, or do you just want a fancy restaurant?”
Erik felt a little embarrassed and pretty scared, but he answered honestly. “Just a really fancy restaurant.”
“You want to take May to a fancy restaurant?”
Erik paused and looked over at her. That was a very good point. She noticed his stare and leaned over to the phone and shouted.
“Hey Mas, tell Erik who the strongest necromancer is!”
“It’s you unfortunately.”
“Told you Erik, it’s me!”
“May shut up, anyways yeah I wouldn’t want to go alone.”
“I can set you up with some pretty hookers that will laugh at all your jokes to go if you’re that lonely.”
“No, women scare me.” Erik replied quickly. “Just plan for me and May.”
“Women scare you, but May doesn’t?” His voice was practically dripping with doubt. Erik didn’t bother to respond. May was barely a woman. She was closer to a dumb puppy with a violent streak. “Okay, I’ll just make sure to find a restaurant with a private room.”
“I want to eat on the roof of a tall building.” May added.
“Just as long as you don’t jump off the building this time.” Mas sighed back.
“No, I want it so you do it, or we’ll be eating your kidneys for dinner instead.” May shot back cheerfully.
“Okay, a private roof dining experience. This won’t be cheap Erik.” It wasn’t his request!
“Good.” Erik replied saltily before hanging up.
“Hehe, you said ‘good.’ that was funny Erik.” May rolled over so her head was resting in his lap. “You also chose me over some dumb hooters! You have good taste, but I won’t laugh at your jokes.” She literally just did.
“He said hookers, and do you even know what those are?”
“Nope! But still you chose me!” She looked up at him with a smile that genuinely seemed happy. “I’m your first choice huh?”
“What other choices even are there?” Erik looked away as he felt his face heat up a little. It was hard to look at a woman without comparing her to that woman who gave birth to him. Just the thought of her made his stomach churn. Men on the other hand… Erik somehow cared even less about men. Rather than any distaste toward them he felt absolutely nothing towards them. At least women had some kind of sexual appeal, though Erik doubted he would be up to ever actually having sex. He looked back at May who was happily messing with her hair. Maybe if it was her he would consider it. May would be the type to just do it without making a deal out of emotions or anything. It probably wouldn’t feel any different from all the other shenanigans they do together. But at the same time… May definitely had another side to her. One that was darker and cruel. He had seen it for a moment when she cursed him with the forgetting spell. He really should be pretty cautious of her, but at the same time she promised not to cause him any harm. Erik put his hand down and started running his fingers through her hair, but he looked the other way from her. He heard her giggle, but it wasn’t a mocking one, but an innocent one. 
With the help of some maids who often came by to clean, Erik got dressed up for dinner. He also sent some to help dress May up, which she complained about, but that wasn’t anything new. They picked out a white suit coat that had black lapels with a black tie, vest, and trousers. They added nice things like a tie pin, and a good watch. Erik almost wanted to wear a top hat, but he could tell the maids didn’t approve of that choice. He was feeling pretty spiffy, and he was a short scrawny ugly emo kid, but he felt a bit more than that at this moment.
“May, are you ready?” Erik called out when he got into the living room.
“Yeah yeah,” She exited her room brushing the maids off of her. Her dress was a short but flared dark blue dress that looked like the night sky. She wore matching heels, and no other accessories. Her hair was as wild and free as it always was, but she looked rather lovely if he was being generous. His main issue with her dress is that it exposed her cleavage, and May was well endowed, but so was that woman. He wasn’t a fan that they had that in common, but May wasn’t like that woman.
“You look good. Should we go?”
“Duh, I look good. If anything it is more impressive that you look…” May paused and examined him. “Passible?”
“Can’t you just take a compliment?” This banter was comfortable. Even if May dressed up, she was still dumb self-centered prideful bratty May. And he liked that she wasn’t any better than him. 

When Mas said dinner would be expensive, it didn’t really surprise him since most of the things they got up to were expensive, at least according to Erik. However he learned that Mas’s definition of expensive was a lot different than his. He was right to dress him and May up, but still it was so clear they were out of place here. Although Erik was 18, he was still supposed to be in high school right now so he was basically a kid. While he looked like some chump using his parents’ money to go out to prom, everyone else at the restaurant were at least ten years older than him and clearly had their own money.
May would have fit in decently if he wasn’t by her side, but since he was she looked like a prostitute paid out by some rich brat. The trip from the front door of the restaurant to the reception was long and humiliating.
“Reservation for Erik?” The host asked as they approached.
“Ah yeah… I mean yes, that’s, uh, us.” Talking to normal people was hard. He expected May to make fun of him, but she was eerily silent as looking around.
“Follow me,” The host guided them to a large balcony area, were there was a single table set up for the two of them. After being seated and assured that their waiter would be with them soon, the host quickly left. There were two guards who stood by the door, and it was clear  that both of them were armed.
Erik pointed quickly back at the pair. “Please tell me they’re with Mas.” It didn’t occur to him until now, but other unsavory people would probably like to get their hands on them.
“Yeah, I recognize those guys.” May twirled her hair. “They’re just here to keep anyone from bothering us. Granted even if they weren’t with Mas it wouldn’t be a problem. If anyone is stupid enough to interrupt my fun, then it means I can play with them.”
“When you say play…”
“I don’t have sex with them if that’s what you’re asking.”
“That wasn’t…”
“Oh, well if you’re asking if they are alive by the time I’m finished with them, the answer is usually no.”
“Well don’t ‘play’ with anyone tonight. I don’t want to make a scene.” Erik loosened his tie before picking up the menu. He squinted and looked over the menu again. He didn’t understand a single thing on it! Plus where were the prices?
“Do you know what you’re going to get?” Erik tried to see if May had any better idea of the menu, granted he didn’t expect much from her in the first place.
“Erik, those guys are going to order for us.” She pointed at the guards.
“But if I don’t want what they order?”
She looked at him doubtfully. Okay, maybe it was true Erik didn’t actually have much preference when it came to food. But what if they ordered something weird! Like… like a whole fish that still had its eyeballs still in it.
“If it’s such a big deal I’ll eat whatever you don’t like.”
“Would you eat a whole fish even if it still had its eyeballs in it?”
“Yeah,” She was looking at him as if he had just said the stupidest thing in the whole world. Erik blushed suddenly feeling self conscious. Was it childish not to want your food to look back at you?
“What if they serve an octopus? You wouldn’t want to eat that right? It would be too similar to Poseidon.”
“Yeah, as long as it’s not Poseidon I’ll eat it.”
“So you wouldn’t eat Poseidon!”
“Erik, would you eat a dog?”
“No way.”
“Exactly.” She huffed. Erik felt like he should argue back, but the waiter brought them their first course. He set a bottle of wine on the table after opening it, and then handed the two of them a dish with something resembling a small portion of food on it.
“Thank you for choosing to dine at our establishment. For the first course of your nine course meal you will be served-” The waiter was cut off by one of the guards grabbing him by the arm.
“We requested no explanations. The lady here tires of hearing talking.” The guard gestured to May who was busy poking at the food item. 
“My apologies, it’s just our custom of explaining the best way to partake of our meals.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
And with that the waiter was off quickly. The guard quietly returned to his station by the door without acknowledging them.
“It would have been at least nice to hear what it is we’re eating.” Erik didn’t even know how to explain what was before him. Was it meat or was it fruit? Also it was arranged nicely; it looked like a fancy art project, not something that should be eaten.
“Ah don’t worry about it.” May picked up the delicacy with her fingers and popped it into her mouth whole. Erik could only stare in slight disgust at her.
“I think food this fancy is meant to be cherished, May.”
“Why? It’s not like I knew the guy they put in it.” Erik didn’t even know where to begin with that statement. May then picked up his appetizer and threw it in her mouth as carelessly as a kid with a bag of microwave popcorn. “Plus, it’s just food. It’s not like either of us like it all that much.”
“How unrefined is your palette?” Granted his was hardly any better. Food was never something he ever cared about, probably because he lacked any appetite all the time. “Also if you don’t like food, then don’t eat mine!”
“Should we drink wine?” May grabbed the bottle on the table and looked at it. She completely ignored him! He really shouldn’t be surprised at this point. “Isaac and Emily think it tastes nice, but Seth says he’s more of a whiskey guy. Granted Seth used to smoke and cigarettes don’t smell any good so maybe his taste is off?”
“I’m younger than twenty one so I can’t drink anyways.”
May raised her eyebrows with that look of disgust mixed with unbelief again.
“Wow I didn’t know normal boring people didn’t learn how to drink until they turned twenty one. Wait, that's not true.” She glared at him as if she was mad at him for lying to her.
“Drink alcohol!”
“What’s the difference between drinking alcohol and anything else?”
“Because of the intoxication and poisoning affects the national laws and regulations deemed alcohol consumption to be unfit-”
“Erik, you're a necromancer. Drinking bleach didn’t do you any harm. Why would alcohol?” Oh that’s a good point actually. May poured him a glass and he drank it. To his surprise it just tasted like less sweet grape juice. He had another glass, and then half of a third cup. His opinion didn’t improve. He didn’t feel buzzed, tired, or anything of that sort in the slightest.
“Being a necromancer takes the fun out of alcohol.” Erik swished the wine in his glass around. At least being a necromancer didn’t take the fun out of drinking from fancy cups.
“Maybe?” May shrugged.
The next dish arrived, and Erik was grateful he could at least tell what it was supposed to be. It was a plate with a couple black and green olives on it. He had to smack May’s hands to keep her from eating his food, but at least he was allowed to admire it this time. If this restaurant was so fancy why were they just given olives as a dish? This better be the most amazing olives in the whole wide world if they were this expensive. He used a fork to put one in his mouth (mostly because he wanted to set himself apart from May who just used her hands), and he was surprised. They actually weren’t olives. They were some kind of thing made to look like olives, but then weren’t. He didn’t know how to explain the food, but it was delicious. There was a crunchy shell with smooth and runny insides, but what they were would remain a mystery.
“These aren’t olives!” Erik exclaimed happily.
May raised an eyebrow at him. “And?”
That’s it. He was never going out to eat with May ever again. 
The night continued as they received the rest of their nine course meal. The food was actually all very good, and there were even some dishes where he recognized the food and it was what he thought it was. That was the steak. He and May continued on with their pointless conversations as the night went on. Although she had no appreciation or anything to say about the food they ate, she did have other things to ramble about.
“Erik, let’s dance!” May got up from her seat after they received their final dish. She skipped over to the edge of the balcony and started twirling. She looked dazzling.
“There’s no music. What are you dancing to?”
“To the beat of my love’s heart!”
Her hair swinged wildly in the wind and her dress flared out in a lovely manner. She kicked her legs up high and waved her arms around wildly. It was a chaotic group of movements, but it didn’t look silly in the slightest. It’s because she was beautiful she could get away with doing something so ridiculous. If it was him doing that, it would be painful to look at. 
As if he heard half of his thought, May went over to him and pulled him out of the chair. “Dance with me!”
“I can’t hear the beat you’re dancing to, so no.”
She grabbed him and pushed his head against her bosom. He froze up with panic, but then he could hear the beating of her heart in her chest. Oh so that’s what she was doing. 
“You hear it, no?”
“I hear your heart beat, if that’s what you’re talking about.”
“No you don’t.” She giggled annoyingly. “Let’s dance!” May pulled him along and they were somehow doing something that resembled an actual form of dancing. It didn’t occur to Erik until she dipped him that May was taking the masculine role in their partner dancing. He felt slightly ashamed as she lifted him. 
“Shouldn’t I be the one dipping you?”
“No, you’re too weak.”
“But that’s the man’s role.”
“A man? Maybe because regular women are weaker than regular men, but I’m stronger than you.”
“I don’t think it is as much about strength as it is about what is considered proper.”
“What? Is it proper to let a man control a woman? You sound like Mas.” She scoffed at him as she twirled him around.
“That’s not what I mean.”
“Men get silly ideas in their heads sometimes. They think it’s okay to do things even though they know it’s not right.”
“You are completely derailing this conversation.”
May stopped dancing and grabbed Erik by the throat. He stopped breathing and a terrifying chill came over him. She didn’t put any pressure on his throat, but he was scared. He couldn’t even move a single muscle. He just stared at May with wide eyes.
“You’ve been good Erik.” She said with a chilling smile. “Maybe it’s because I don’t like you that much, but you haven’t done anything wrong to me.”
She let go of his throat and started dancing again but this time on her own. “You chose me!” She shouted out into the open air. “You chose me over anyone else!” She swirled and twirled again.
“Why did you choose me?” He couldn’t answer her out loud but he thought about it. She was there. They always did things together. She always brought him along for her weird adventures, and he could bring her along for his. They sort of got along. She was easy to understand. She was sort of like an unruly dog. She promised not to hurt him. Because he felt impressive with a beautiful woman by his side who would take any insult he hurled at her. She was convenient.
“It’s not because you like me right?”
“Of course not!”
Those words left his mouth before he had a moment to regret them.
“It’s not because you love me right?”
“I already said no.”
“Funny.” She turned away from him. “Shall we dance some more?”

1. Don’t do anything
2. Offer hand to her (affection up)
