“You two are good friends aren’t you?” Erik found himself saying with a smile. May’s eyes widened in surprise, and then a soft and genuine expression of happiness came over her.
“Yeah,” She pulled Posiedon off of her head and gave him a kiss before putting him back in his tank. “He likes me, and I like people who like me.” She gave her hair a brush before taking a seat on the couch.
“That’s pretty normal isn’t it?”
“But you have to think. Do people often truly like other people?”
Erik paused and thought about it for a second as he sat on the couch as well. It’s not like he ever had close friends. Mom, no, the person who gave birth to him, she never let him go over to people’s houses in elementary school and eventually people stopped asking him to go over. People stopped talking to him in general actually. “I can’t say there is anyone I like.”
“Yeah, but that’s because you’re a loner.”
Did he really need to hear this abuse from this woman?
“I have people who I really really like, and they might say they like me back, but that’s not true.” She grabbed her knee and pulled it towards her as she kept her eyes on Poseidon. “They would all leave me if they could. To truly like someone you would never leave them. You would want to be so close to them that you would want to understand everything about them”
“Are you sure you’re not mixing like up for love? People have to separate for one reason or another, and that doesn’t usually have to do with how much they like someone. Love is the only reason to commit yourself so wholly to someone, at least that’s what I heard.”
“No! Love is…” Her eyes crinkled in despair. “Love isn’t that. You can love someone even when you betray them, or even when you leave them, or even when you destroy them. When you like someone you don’t want to pain them any, but when you love someone you can’t help but hurt them.”
“Gross.” Erik sighed as he rolled his eyes. Reminder to himself, never let this crazy woman fall in love with him. “If that’s love then maybe that woman who gave birth to me loved me.”
“No. She’s stupid, so she doesn’t understand love.”
It was too soon to laugh at anything relating to that woman, but May’s comment did make him smile.
