“Mom… tell me the truth.” Mom had never answered him before about why he was the way he was or why she treated him the way she did. Now she apparently knew who May was. Why, why did she know all of this?
“Ha, why does it matter anymore? You’re just going to kill me now aren’t you?” She laughed. 
“Yes, but how quickly depends on your answer.” Erik felt strength in the cold glare May had on her mom. “Tell Erik what he wants to know.”
Mom was silent until May started tightening her grip on mom’s arm. Mom let out a muffled groan before caving.
“You’re a child from an affair.” Well… that’s not what he was expecting to hear. He felt he should be more surprised by the revelation, but the fact that his mother cheated on his cheating father wasn’t such a stretch. “The man who… your biological father, he was a previous coworker of mine. The work we did wasn’t praiseworthy in the slightest. I didn’t know he was your father until…”
She went silent until May broke her arm. “Stop talking before you're done again and I break your fingers.” Mother shuddered in pain as she gasped for air.
Erik thought this scene should be more satisfying than it actually was. Mother who had always been so cruel, who had never listened to him no matter how he pleaded for begged, was now suddenly at his mercy. It was more pitiful than anything.
“Y-You never heard about this Erik because we’ve always tried to keep it a secret, but when I was seven months pregnant I was abducted. I was gone for two months before I was found. It was a strange situation. I couldn’t remember a single thing that happened during that time, and for the most part I was unharmed. When that happened I had a feeling that man was involved, but I wasn’t sure until you were born.” Mom gasped before she continued. She was barely standing up. May’s tight grasp was the only thing keeping her from collapsing on the floor.
May reached for her fingers when mom quickly spoke up. “You looked like that man. I could see it in everything about you. My husband noticed of course, but he never said anything about it. When I realized you were that man’s child I knew why I was abducted and what was done to me. He was trying to turn you into one of those monsters he was always trying to create. Miserable creatures.” She glanced up and made eye contact with May. “Destructive, violent, not human. So I needed to kill you. Attempts when you were a baby didn’t work, but I hoped that his process was incomplete. Maybe if I did it a different way, or if I kept doing it that magic would wear off and then I could finally be freed from you!”
“Mo-” No it didn’t even feel right to call her that anymore. “I never did anything to ever harm you or anything else. You… you would have murdered me even if I never had these abilities wouldn’t you.”
Her breath was ragged. “It wouldn’t have mattered. That man shouldn’t have any offspring anyways.”
“So just because of that you had to do all those years of torture to me?”
“If I didn’t, you would have killed me. It pacified you.”
Pacified him? Pacify? Everything was to pacify him? Erik dropped to knees in shock. He never expected her to feel some kind of maternal love for him, but this was too much.
“If you don’t believe me, ask this one! She slaughtered her whole-”
“Yeah that’s enough out of you.” May quickly snapped that woman’s neck. “Sorry if you wanted to ask any more questions. She was losing it, and well I didn’t want to hear her anymore.” May shrugged and helped Erik up as he was still shaking.
“If it makes you feel better we can desecrate her body. Rip to shreds, set it on fire, hang it up on the wall, or something like that.”
Erik breathed out a sigh of relief. Was this her way of comforting him? What a monster. “No, let’s just get out of here.”
“Okey-dokey, if that’s what you want.”
