Mom’s eyes glared holes through him. There wasn’t any shock or horror in them. It was just as if she expected this to happen.
May’s laughter cut through the thick tension in the air. “Erik, Erik, Erik! You’re such a cutie. Pretending to be all normal and innocent when you have as much of a murderous hunger as I do!” May grabbed mother by the throat and picked her up.
“Hey hey Erik, should we kill her slowly or fast? Do you want to rip out her organs and paint a picture on the wall? It will surely smell terrible, but it is fitting for a wench like her.”
“Make her suffer a bit, but we have to be going don’t we? I don’t want to stay here too much longer.” A warm tingly sensation built up inside of Erik. Mother dearest, the tormentor of all his years of life would finally feel just a speck of everything she put him through. 
Erik picked up the kitchen knife mom dropped on the ground. “Let’s stab her with this, and then pour bleach in the holes.”
May beamed at him and then dropped that woman to the ground. “Would you like to do the honors?” She pinned mother to the ground and as expectations gleamed in her eyes. 
Erik’s hand was shaking as he picked it up. Whether with fear or excitement he knew not. He’s never hurt anyone like this before, but mother deserved it. That woman had done so much to him. She was too cruel! He deserved his revenge!
“If you’re going to do it, then hurry up. Granted I doubt a pathetic child like you would have the nerve to act up against me. You never have in the past.” Mother taunted him. Erik stabbed her, again and again. At first she did her best to stifle her grunts and shrieks, but tears formed in her eyes. And that was enough. That desperate look in her eye, the one to show her complete loss of hope, was delicious to him. 
As he stated before, they got the bleach and poured it in the injuries he gave her. When she died in the process, he wasn’t sure, but she was certainly dead by the end of the process. He felt as if he was high. The blood pumping in his body, the rush of excitement that was over him. He was able to even think let alone think straight.
“Haha, we’re a mess! Let’s go shower!” May laughed as she pulled him off the ground. Erik couldn’t help but find himself laughing alongside her. They were filthy, so he guessed they should shower and change. After that they would leave with mother’s defiled body living on the floor as if it was garbage to be thrown away.

Bro, what did I just write?
